The Joe Rogan experience.
One time I was doing a bright Garrett's club in Vegas, MGM.
I was like old Chinese people understand Vegas.
I'm going to hook them up with a nice room. I was,
I think opening a middling is years ago. I was like, finally,
they're gonna see me in MGM.
Cause they know that's a nice place going to comedy club.
I crushed it that night I could set. And you know,
afterwards you and the headliner and everyone's out there shaking hands,
meeting people. My parents walked out. Right. My, my mom's all smile.
She's very, just positive, you know, general. Um, um,
and then my dad walked out and then my, my, my buddy Jack was next to me. Uh,
he, he was the middle. I was the opener. Yeah. My buddy Jack Cohen, uh,
older comic. Um, he, he went up to my dad. He was like, oh my.
God, Hey Richard, aren't you so proud of your son? He's so good. Right.
And then my dad just looked at me in front of the entire audience of everyone
else shaking. And he's like, no, Jimmy's not funny.
Yeah. Wow. Yeah. And,
and I don't know if he was years later, he said.
That was a joke because, because, uh, it's not,
he said this. He said, it's not funny if I tell you, uh,
you're funny, but it's funny if I tell you, it's not funny,
there's a story there. I was like, yeah. But yeah, you were my dad though.
I mean, come on. Like you're not, you're not my buddy at an open mic.
And then he also said he was like, well,
I honestly didn't think it was funny because I don't get the
references. I don't get culturally, like what you're saying about whatever.
I didn't get it. So he was kind of just being honest also.
So he's trying to be funny in his own way while being honest about his own
take on it. I don't, yeah. Yeah. He's.
Honest. But he's also still being the ball breaker. Right. He's a funny guy,
but sometimes it's hard to, uh,
be his son if he's using me in the expense
of, you know, is.
It like a, the style of comedy, like insult comedy?
When you say ball, ball breaking, like what kind of, yeah. That's what he does.
Yes. Like a older Chinese Don Rickles.
Yes. Yes. That's it one Chinese people. I think in general, I say.
This my standup,
and it's funny if I do it in front of a white audience or a non-Chinese
audience, like what the is that that really happened? Like,
I do this bit about how Chinese people would tell you exactly what the is wrong
with your.
Face. Like Thanksgiving.
You know, my mom would tell my girl, cousin like, oh, Christina, you got so fat.
Wow. Just straight. I was like, man, you can't say that.
And then, and then my mom and my dad would be like, oh,
if we're not telling her who would, and like also being like, um,
uh, a comedian, I mean, not, not being committed being, um, uh.
Was I gonna say, oh, being Chinese, uh,
being fat or gaining weight is prosperous. It's, it's good. It's auspicious.
Or whatever. She's a girl. So you can't just say that,
you know? Um, and Christina is not fat.
She's this beautiful young woman.
You know? And, and yeah, it's, it's,
it's hard to grow up with a high self-esteem in an Asian.
Household, you know, but.
There is a weird honesty to it. I don't know. I don't buy it.
They say it's honest. I think it's passed down trauma.
Their parents did that to down and now they're doing it. I don't know.
Well, there's something about work ethic in Asian households. Um,
when I was a young, one of my good friends with his kid, uh, his name was junk,
sick, junk, sick Chang.
And he went on to be a national TaeKwonDo champion while, while he was in,
uh, his medical residency, like, wow. Yeah. I,
I always used to compare myself to him.
If I ever thought I had discipline or I worked hard,
I compare myself to that guy. He was like, I'm a lazy. This, this guy was,
he worked so hard,
but he was telling me that this is just how it was with family.
Nothing you ever did is good enough. Like he's Korean. And he was like,
my parents are so ruthless. It's like everything had to be better.
Nothing was ever good.
It didn't matter if he had straight A's you could do better.
You could always do better. You never, never good enough.
It's interesting. I think, um, that,
that is more like the very stereotypical Asian parents,
the helicopter tiger parents or whatever tiger parents, tiger mom,
I think is a real term. Um, mine is, I guess, a little nuanced.
Like they would give it up for academic and they always call me smart and stuff,
but they will make fun of me. Like I remember, uh, uh,
after orchestra practice in high school ones,
my dad came very proud of me playing the violin was like, oh, you're great.
You know? So that stuff they'll give it up, you know? But then a girl,
this really cute white girl came and talked to me after Tracy was her name, uh,
that I kind of had a crush on. Uh, she just came and talked to me. She was like,
oh my God, you're so good. Hey,
I'll talk to you later gave me a hug and everything. And I was such a nerd.
I didn't get any action. And then, and then I just looked at my dad.
I was hoping he'll be proud, you know?
And then he looked at me and is like shoo and her.
Yeah. Wow. Yeah.
So certain things like it goes a little too far, making fun of you.
That's a confidence crusher from pops. Yeah. But I mean, once again,
it could be because he grew up, he never got no girls like that. So he's like,
if I couldn't like, why would my son, you know,
you think he's competing with you a little bit there in that way.
I hate to think about that, but I think there's gotta be a part of.
That. That's gotta be a part of why he wanted to get into acting.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I maybe that's one of the reasons why he's so confident it's because he on you
and if you can do it, he's like this guy can do it. Yeah. Yeah.
It's a weird, like he picks.
And chooses what he gives it up and not. Ooh.
So it's manipulative a little bit. So you never know, it's like, uh.
Yeah. Yeah. Stockholm syndrome.
I, I called them out once and I was like that. Why don't you.
Why, why didn't you.
First of all, tell me any dating advice. And also,
why did you never think I could like date Q girls or whatever, right.
Like that took me years to overcome. And he was like, sure.
But like I always said you were smart. Right?
Like he just gave me like a non-answer of like, he was like,
but I always said you were smart. That's what, w what's important to me.
Um, yeah. So.
It's sort of like, he's excusing the fact that he, uh,
dismissed your ability to.
I think, whatever he wasn't good at. He projected on me.
Like I was, uh, as small as I was, I was a pretty good athlete.
I could run pretty fast. I can jump pretty high. I used to play basketball,
even though small it's like the underdog, but I was athletic, you know?
But my dad, like when I was trying out for the high school basketball team,
that was like, no, you, you can't do that. You're flat-footed just like me.
You can't come on.
Oh man. So that's a very,
it's the opposite of what some weird like theater parents do or,
or out coach parents do. Like just a thing that,
that happens when kids get into athletics, where their parents failed at sports,
and then they get really invested in their kid being awesome.
Yes. Yes. I'm not sure which way is healthier or both of them less healthy.
Yeah.
They're both gross. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
There's something really weird about like, it's a burden too, for the kids.
Like I've seen it with kids where the overbearing parents just want the kid to
succeed so well, because it, it like, that's my boy out there kicking.
That's my boy. Look how fast you were very selfish.
You don't really care about the kid being happy or not.
It also with the kid's head and it, a lot of times it,
it ruins their love of whatever the sport is. Yeah.
Yeah. Um, I don't know. I guess
ma you know, it's fine. It's fine. Um, I'm fine.
Joe. I'm fine. Fine. I'm fine.
I've seen enough therapy. I'm fine. Did it's fine.
It's fine. He's flawed. We're all flawed. Yeah, no worries.
It's like the.
Seen in a Goodwill hunting, like I'm afraid you're going to be like Robin.
Williams and be like, it's not your fault. It's not your fault.
And that just start balling.